_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

disabling pages and updating profile info

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Alberta Machine Intelligence Institute</a>. <a href="#">Unversity of Alberta</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>Edmonton AB Canada</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
Shazan is a Lead ML Scientist at [Alberta Machine Intelligence Institute (AMII)](http://amii.ca) and an actively contributing researcher with [ANA (Automated Nursing Agent)](https://www.amii.ca/latest-from-amii/ana-automated-nursing-agent) Research Team at [University of Alberta](https://ualberta.ca) to build emotionally aware conversational agents.

In the past he has extensively worked on applying Machine Learning to address environmental public health issues such as understanding the impact of air pollution on children’s health. This joint research effort, done in collaboration with multidisciplinary researchers and knowledge users from several leading universities, research and health organizations across Canada, has been published in some key venues in Applied ML and public health domain.

At Amii, most of Shazan’s domain focus had shifted to applying Machine Learning in Agriculture through his work with some Ag domain corporate partners of Amii . To that end he has a few years of experience ranging from carrying out hands-on research to advising on advanced research work in the AgTech field.

Given his current research focus in NLP, he also plays an advisory role with businesses with an interest in Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning and related technologies as well.

Prior to his career in ML, Shazan also got first hand experience in building scalable, data driven, technology solutions for the food service industry at Sysco Labs, the innovation arm of the Sysco Corporation (NYSE:SYY).

His ML research interests include natural language processing, spatial data mining, and reinforcement learning. Currently, Shazan’s research work focuses on building better, emotionally-aware, conversational agents for elderly.

Shazan received his Master of Science in Computing Science under the supervision of Dr. [Osmar R. Zaiane](http://webdocs.cs.ualberta.ca/~zaiane/) at the University of Alberta. He also holds a Bachelor of Science (Hons) degree in Computer Science as well.
